Update Haproxy README to be clearer on legacy docs (#11694)
DataDog/integrations-core: haproxy/README.md

##### Metric collection
To configure this check for an Agent running on a host:

> 1. Edit the `haproxy.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your HAProxy metrics. See the [sample haproxy.d/conf.yaml][8] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `haproxy.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your HAProxy metrics. See the [sample haproxy.d/conf.yaml][8] for all available configuration options.
```

     #
     openmetrics_endpoint: http://localhost:<PORT>/metrics
   ```

>    **NOTE**: The `use_openmetrics` option uses [OpenMetrics V2][26] for metric collection, which requires Agent 7.35+ or [enabling Python 3](27) in Agent 6.35+. For hosts unable to use Python 3 or are on Agent 7.34 and below, use the OpenMetrics V1 implementation or the [socket-based legacy integration](#using-the-stats-endpoint). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**: The `use_openmetrics` option uses [OpenMetrics v2][26] for metric collection, which requires Agent v7.35+ or [enabling Python 3](27) in Agent v6.35+. For hosts that are unable to use Python 3 or are on Agent v7.34 and below, use the OpenMetrics v1 implementation or the [socket-based legacy integration](#using-the-stats-endpoint). 
```
